helloyou maloney ins do you hear little
pitter-patter of little feet you
probably should because Cali went to the
pet store well she actually went for the
Humane Society and she rescued this
little baby boy named Leonard Leonard
say hello to YouTube oh yeah
jump no no you can't be up there butter
number one kiddies attraction oh thank
you
someone's out there I heard a kitty hey
hi baby
what's back here what is that
you know meow Oh kisses yeah well that's
the way to meet absolutely gonna be nice
good kisses you wanna pick him up and
carry him he can carry himself hmm well
I see you two are gonna get along just
fine
huh huh all right
there's a nice kitty Oh inspect this
food probably eat it for him
big growl grow like a big lion little
leo Leonard boy
we will protect your caged kennel what
you two are funny
Bob gonna bump you he's so little
what do you think that Kota little kitty
I will be very quiet and start to keep
you